c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.config
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.csproj.App.config
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
c:\users\alperen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.csproj.App.config
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.config
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.Abstractions.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.RatingMoviesPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MDPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MasterPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.DummyPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.SignUpPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.mdb
C:\Source\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.mdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.config
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.Abstractions.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Com.OneSignal.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\FAB.Forms.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Rg.Plugins.Popup.Platform.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\FAB.Forms.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.csproj.App.config
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MDPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.RatingMoviesPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.MasterPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.DummyPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.LoginPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Pages.SignUpPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.Views.GoToMovieRatePagePopup.xaml.g.cs
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.pdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\obj\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.mdb
C:\Source\bitirme\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bitirme_mobile_app\bin\Debug\bitirme_mobile_app.dll.mdb
